Update docs for `notFound` and `redirect` (#18870)
vercel/next.js: docs/basic-features/data-fetching.md

- `props` - A **required** object with the props that will be received by the page component. It should be a [serializable object](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serialization)
- `revalidate` - An **optional** amount in seconds after which a page re-generation can occur. More on [Incremental Static Regeneration](#incremental-static-regeneration)
- `notFound` - An **optional** boolean value to allow the page to return a 404 status and page. Below is an example of how it works:

  ```js
  export async function getStaticProps(context) {
    const res = await fetch(`https://.../data`)
    const data = await res.json()

    if (!data) {
      return {
        notFound: true,
      }
    }

    return {
      props: {}, // will be passed to the page component as props
    }
  }
  ```

>   > **Note**: `notFound` doesn't work alongside [`fallback: false`](#fallback-false). In that case only known paths are included and they shouldn't be pre-rendering a 404.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > **Note**: `notFound` is not needed for [`fallback: false`](#fallback-false) mode as only paths returned from `getStaticPaths` will be pre-rendered. 
```

- `redirect` - An **optional** redirect value to allow redirecting to internal and external resources. It should match the shape of `{ destination: string, permanent: boolean }`. In some rare cases, you might need to assign a custom status code for older HTTP Clients to properly redirect. In these cases, you can use the `statusCode` property instead of the `permanent` property, but not both. Below is an example of how it works:

  ```js
  export async function getStaticProps(context) {
    const res = await fetch(`https://...`)
    const data = await res.json()

    if (!data) {
      return {
        redirect: {
          destination: '/',
          permanent: false,
        },
      }
    }

    return {
      props: {}, // will be passed to the page component as props
    }
  }
  ```

>   > **Note**: Redirecting at build-time during pre-rendering is not allowed. For that same reason, [`fallback: false`](#fallback-false) can't be used alongside `redirect`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > **Note**: Redirecting at build-time is currently not allowed and if the redirects are known at build-time they should be added in [`next.config.js`](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/next.config.js/redirects). 
```
